update 1Password readme (#3534)
elastic/integrations: packages/1password/_dev/build/docs/README.md

> 1Password Events Reporting
> =========

Reviewer: AFAIK, this is the only integration to use these equal signs as the heading. Can we change this to match the other integrations?

```suggestion
# 1Password Events Reporting
```

With [1Password Business](https://support.1password.com/explore/business/), you can send your account activity to your security information and event management (SIEM) system, using the 1Password Events API. 

Get reports about 1Password activity, such as sign-in attempts and item usage, while you manage all your company’s applications and services from a central location.

With 1Password Events Reporting and Elastic SIEM, you can:

-	Control your 1Password data retention
-	Build custom graphs and dashboards
-	Set up custom alerts that trigger specific actions
-	Cross-reference 1Password events with the data from other services

You can set up Events Reporting if you’re an owner or administrator.  

> See: [How to get your 1Password Events API credentials](https://support.1password.com/events-reporting/#step-1-set-up-an-events-reporting-integration).

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense to link to the root of this page instead of the step one anchor. It feels like I'm being thrown into a multi-step process without learning about the full picture. There's also less of a chance that the link will change over time.

What about changing the text to something like this?

```suggestion
Ready to get started? [Learn how to set up the Elastic Events Reporting integration](https://support.1password.com/events-reporting).
```

Events
------

### Sign-in Attempts

> This uses the 1Password Events API to retrieve information about sign-in attempts. Events include the name and IP address of the user who attempted to sign in to the account, when the attempt was made, and – for failed attempts – the cause of the failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the 1Password Events API to retrieve information about sign-in attempts. Events include the name and IP address of the user who attempted to sign in to the account, when the attempt was made, and – for failed attempts – the cause of the failure.
```
